We're nearing the end of dishcloths model and we already covered a lot we covered a lot of the basics.
And of course there is more you can learn about navigating around.
There is more you can learn about pages but hey this is what we're going to do in all the applications
we're going to build.
The basic chipset now though you should know what pages are how navigation generally works how you can
load pages how you can pass data and how the lifecycle of pages works with dad got a solid foundation
to start working on the real application.
However there is something else I want to show you.
If you go to the official ionic documentation which you can find it ironic framework dot com slash docs
you can see that we have a couple of points here on the left and in general the ionic documentation
is pretty good.
The first thing I want to show you is here under API.
This gives you an overview over all the classes ionic to ships with and no worries.
I don't want to read through all of them.
Actually we will see a lot of them throughout the course and learn more about them without well looking
at the documentation here.
But it is a great place to look at some things if you want to dive deeper especially interesting right
now are all the NAF related comments here or parts for example nav controller.
Here you can learn more about pushing and popping and our methods the control office.
But just to wardan you we will cover a lot of those methods and ways to use that in the course in the
apps we're going to build.
So it's probably not the best idea to do dive super deep into this article.
I just want you to be aware of it.
If you need to look something up.
The important thing I want to show you is the components section ionic to ships with a rich component
library.
And here you can see all the components it offers.
Right now the cool thing about this documentation is you can click on one for example the buttons and
then you get the slide preview.
You're on the right.
You can even switch between different operating systems to see how it works.
And those previous are interactive.
You can click the buttons and there are also some components which will then actually do something in
the preview.
You can learn more about the components here but I also don't want you to read through all the components
right now.
This is what we will start with in the next course section when we build our first app.
We will use a lot of those components.
But since it's impossible to cover all components and all possible configurations directives you can
add and so on.
It's definitely a good idea to go back to just documentation and look at the components you want to
work with right now.
If you want to see how you can configure it how you can use it.
But again we will use a lot of those components throughout the course so no need to review all of them
right now.
The last thing I want to highlight here is the iron Aikins point.
I don't two ships with a lot of built in.
I can see you can use and those icons are pretty easy to use if you click on one of them.
You'll see the code you need to use and ask what the components were going to use a lot of icons and
all the apps we're building.
So no need to dive super deep into this but I want you to be aware of this repository of icons and that
you can find.
I can see here.
You can also search for icons here and the cool thing is if you search for a map you're not just seeing
the map icon but also related icons.
So this is a cool thing and something we will use a lot.
This is the documentation where you can learn more about components icons and general API.
Again a lot of that will be covered for the course but it's good to know where to find more information.